docs: MkDocs index and nav redesign (#5207)
OSGeo/grass: man/mkdocs/index.md

## What is GRASS?

[GRASS](https://grass.osgeo.org/) is a geosptial processing engine for
advance analysis and visualization of geospatial data. It is a powerful tool for
processing and analyzing geospatial data sets. GRASS is a free and open source
software, released under an open source [GNU GPLed](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).

Downloaded and installed GRASS here.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD013 -->
[:material-download: Download and Install](https://grass.osgeo.org/download/){ .md-button }

## Tutorials

Get started with GRASS by following the
[tutorials](https://grass-tutorials.osgeo.org/) below.

## Interfaces

GRASS provides a number of interfaces for interacting with the software. The
most common interfaces are:

### [Terminal](grass.md)

The terminal interface is...

```bash

> grass -c EPSG:3385 {project directory} --gtext

Reviewer: ```suggestion
grass -c EPSG:3385 {project directory} --text
```

For true no-GUI experience.

Starting GRASS GIS...

          __________  ___   __________    _______________
         / ____/ __ \/   | / ___/ ___/   / ____/  _/ ___/
        / / __/ /_/ / /| | \__ \\_  \   / / __ / / \__ \
       / /_/ / _, _/ ___ |___/ /__/ /  / /_/ // / ___/ /
       \____/_/ |_/_/  |_/____/____/   \____/___//____/

Welcome to GRASS GIS 8.5.0dev (5ffc9ea669)
GRASS GIS homepage:                      https://grass.osgeo.org
This version running through:            Bash Shell (/bin/bash)
Help is available with the command:      g.manual -i
See the licence terms with:              g.version -c
See citation options with:               g.version -x
If required, restart the GUI with:       g.gui wxpython

> When ready to quit enter:                exit

Reviewer: Maybe little too many lines? (That output should be shorter, but even a shorter one would still be little too long for here.)

Author: I've change the section.

GRASS {project directory}/PERMANENT:{Working directory} > 

```

Now you can run GRASS commands in the terminal.

```sh
g.region raster=elevation
r.slope.aspect elevation=elevation slope=slope aspect=aspect

> ```

Reviewer: There is an alternative to this and that's `--exec` which I would say is popular for certain use cases.

> ### Python Scripts

Reviewer: C doc and possibly general tool writing stuff (standard parser options): I wonder if to put it here as sort of next steps ("is this not enough?") or at the end to a separate section. This would be the usage as a modeling platform.

The `grass.script` module provides a Python interface to GRASS. This allows

> users to write Python scripts to interact with GRASS. The `grass.script` module

Reviewer: We need to start describing the in-session version grass.script.setup.init.

which provides functionality for working with vector data.

```python
import grass.script as gs

gs.run_command('g.region', raster='elevation')
gs.run_command('r.slope.aspect', elevation='elevation', slope='slope', aspect='aspect')
```

### Jupyter Notebooks

Jupyter Notebooks are a great way to interact with GRASS. The `grass.jupyter`
module provides a Jupyter interface to GRASS. This allows users to write Jupyter
Notebooks to interact with GRASS. The `grass.jupyter` module contains the `Map`,
`InteractiveMap`, `Map3D`, `TimeSeriesMap`, and `SeriesMap` classes which
provide functionality for working with maps in Jupyter Notebooks.

```python
import grass.jupyter as gj

slope_map = gj.Map()  # Create a new map
slope_map.d_rast(map='slope')  # Add the slope raster to the map
slope_map.d_barscale(at=(80, 10))  # Add a bar scale to the map
slope_map.d_legend(raster='slope', at=(80, 90))  # Add a legend to the map
slope_map.show()  # Display the map
```

![Slope Map](r_slope_aspect_slope.png)

### [GRASS Desktop GUI](wxguiintro.md)

Add content here.

## [Project Management](grass_database.md)

Add Content here.

> ## Processing Tools

Reviewer: Add link to addons to the end of the section.

### GRASS Tool Prefixes

| Prefix | Category                         | Description                        | Link                                      |
|--------|----------------------------------|------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|

> | `g.`   | General                          | General GIS management tools       | [General Tools](general.md)               |

Reviewer: Just make this presentation of tool, rather than prefixes.

---
authors: 
    - Corey T. White
    - GRASS Development Team
title: Getting Started
---

## What is GRASS?

> [GRASS](https://grass.osgeo.org/) is a geosptial processing engine for
> advance analysis and visualization of geospatial data. It is a powerful tool for
> processing and analyzing geospatial data sets. GRASS is a free and open source
> software, released under an open source [GNU GPLed](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[GRASS](https://grass.osgeo.org/) is a geospatial processing engine for
advance analysis and visualization of geospatial data. GRASS is a free and open source
software, released under the [GNU GPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).
```

> Downloaded and installed GRASS here.
> 
> <!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD013 -->
> [:material-download: Download and Install](https://grass.osgeo.org/download/){ .md-button }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD013 -->
[:material-download: Download GRASS](https://grass.osgeo.org/download/){ .md-button }
```

## Interfaces

GRASS provides a number of interfaces for interacting with the software. The
most common interfaces are:

### Terminal

> The terminal interface allows you to start a GRASS session to run GRASS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The command line interface allows you to start a GRASS session to run GRASS
```

commands, execute scripts, or open the GUI.

> Here we creating a new project for the NAD83(HARN)/North Carolina coordinate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here we create a new project for the NAD83(HARN)/North Carolina coordinate
```

---

> title: GRASS GIS 8.5.0dev Reference Manual

Reviewer: Limit hardcoded versions as much as possible.

author: GRASS Development Team
---

> ## **What is GRASS?**

Reviewer: I'm surprised this passes linting, but anyway, is `**` needed?
